Oh what's going on did you hurt yourself
because you don't wear socks Jimmy yeah
actually yeah I tried to play basketball
oh you're not a basketball player boy he
looks really serious like that is a
serious cast you have on yeah it's
pretty intense
it's like Darth Vader style you know it
is I tore my ACL all right oh that's bad
yeah I mean I got surgery now modern
medicine it would have been bad and like
the 1800s the 8,100 so we just had to
smother you with a rock or something
so are you laid up now are you like on
bed rest I'm supposed to be you're
supposed to sorry about that
no no super are you not obeying doctor's
orders I'm kind of I'm kind of I am I I
was on bed rest for the first week after
surgery and I got a nice Airbnb and did
absolutely nothing mm-hmm six days so
you got an Airbnb outside of your home
yes
oh just for recovery so you know like
hey you know what I'm gonna mount that
pompous guy no I think that's smart use
like hey I have this bad turn of events
I'm gonna make a vacation right so it's
on the beach you said that's him while I
was on the beach we can't go on the
beach can you no well it was a bug it
was on that it was on a hillside ah and
I lived on a couch and then I lived
outside which was about eight feet away
and then I lived there where the
bathroom was over there so my why do my
life was very I learned that if I if I
grabbed my toes I can lift and like move
doesn't hurt and so that was how I got
up and off the couch it was like this oh
it was this really great so you
realization that made my life so much
easier would you what hop into the
shower like that or how do you move with
doing something like that
no showering is a little is a little
more difficult the one time that I
showered in those five days I got on
Instagram oh oh you didn't take many
showers
no I meant your many fans volunteer to
come over and wash you
wouldn't that be an easy thing to just
easy solution you know we didn't really
really put that out there you did it not
this time it's not too late now I know
I'm sure you could get the watch so you
just shaved your head too huh I did yes
why I've been wanting to shave my head
for years oh I know it's a huge deal I
know I just I wanted to shave my head
and I thought I should wait until we are
picture you as a little one how old are
you in this picture
would really be the identical haircut -
two scars you can see actually yeah or
in that picture four years old or years
old oh that's that's a--that's a cute
kid did this four year old kid
know that he wanted to be an actor well
I know he wanted to do acrobatics and he
wanted to play soccer
that was that was his dream uh-huh and
now really all you can do is grab your
toe and stand what do you knew he wasn't
gonna play basketball that's what he
certainly knew what do you get a haircut
like that do you just do it yourself or
do you go to someone well my so my
girlfriend has this this dude sha that
does her hair he's an amazing he's
really good at what he does and just
amazing person well I mean let's not get
ridiculous well this is I'm not gonna go
with amazing very simple like he is the
number three or four on you I'm gonna be
honest I'm amazing I trim my beard yeah
I know the numbers the first time the
first time I went in there I like
bleached my beard and it was a weird
idea and then the second time I went in
I buzzed all my hair off so every time I
go into this place they're like what's
this guy gonna do yeah well maybe next
time you give him an eyebrow or
something like that I thought what do we
just do some like you know I like what's
that guy Franz got going on uh-huh we're
also he tore his ACL at two I've heard
and so we a co-brothers oh you guys
could sit quietly next to each okay
oh he's alright oh yeah that's right he
had the ACL went last time he was here I
think so so let me ask you a question
about being this handsome
yeah cuz most of us will never
experience what do you feel like you
want to do stuff to your to your head
and your face to make yourself less to
get yourself into a like a reasonable
range of being handsome is that what it
is like you planning to do get any
tattoos oh I I promised myself that I
was gonna wait until I had a film going
to theaters to buzz my head or to get a
tattoo this is a weird promise to make
to yourself well I bet the way that I
said it was until I was like a household
name my mom could say and that kind of
happened with all the boys but then with
Charlie's going to Charlie's Angels
Charlie's actually going to the premiere
after that you guys oh you're gonna hop
over you didn't even know Charlie's
Angels right I mean you're probably too
young for the movie of Charlie's
Charlie's Angels and I knew that Cameron
Diaz was an angel yes she was but for
the for the bed and absolutely no I do
the rest of it I hadn't seen it do you
know there was a TV series before that
as well I learned that he learned that
Wow and that's something else last night
you want a People's Choice Award correct
this is addressing you one comedy movie
star of 2019 you beat Ali Wong Kevin
Hart rebel Wilson and Adam Sandler
that's I don't know what happens you're
making the right choice hmm are the
people me yes are the people making the
right choice I don't know man I don't
think I'm this funny people are really
funny and they've been doing it for so
long like the fact that I'm even in the
same discussion with with them is
ludicrous well congratulations on that
and congratulations on the movie
Charlie's Angels you're just learning
tonight it's based on a television show
from the 70s that's right
Noah said the naio everybody
[Applause]
[Music]
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh